hi my name is manifold I have a video
presentation for you today of a wedding
that I photograph recently this summer
I've been photographing weddings for 10
years and really starting to get really
extremely proficient with working with
my couples and my photography style I've
been photographing weddings in just
about every location throughout Omaha so
I am pretty familiar with any of your
event sites your receptions your
churches so being at a facility quite a
few times I really like to make your
wedding pictures different and unique
even if I've been there 25 times the
video that we're looking at today is
video just a part of the wedding day of
the reception but it gives you a pretty
good / I overall idea of what I can do
at your wedding and some of the images
that I take a course on a wedding day I
start with the hair makeup in the
morning and need a couple hours of your
undivided attention for pre pictures but
as the day progresses you know things
get more casual and we're working with
real natural real candids and
photojournalism the first part of the
day we get that traditional stuff done
so as we're going throughout your
wedding day we're just getting more and
more relaxed for having more and more
fun and just really enjoying the company
and the celebration of the two of you
getting married on that day
on your wedding day I really am getting
excited about taking your images I'm
showing you images are you enjoying your
some of your guests and especially
parents some of them in just that we're
doing so everybody's really getting
excited really getting into what my idea
is and our combined idea of what your
wedding pictures you have in mind and
have dreamt about sort of our
collaboration so I'm getting real
confident you know I'm doing new and
individual and really specialized images
for each and every wedding that I'm at
so when I'm at a wedding I'm really
getting excited on particular images
that I'm doing so I want you to get
excited about that so in turn the kind
of neat thing about digital photography
is you have that display screen on the
back where you know people can be it's
more of an interactive time work where I
can get you excited about the images
that I'm getting excited about
you
what amount they're photographing a
wedding I have no time restriction so
that really allows me to spend the
entire day with you I am working closely
with your other vendors with your DJ in
this particular video you know really
going over your timeline of events and
your specific tradition so when they're
happening I'm right there and ready for
them there's a lot more appointments
that we're going to have together and
coming up not only with unique images
and a unique service and a one-of-a-kind
service on your wedding day but a
one-of-a-kind presentation after the
fact as well with a modern wedding album
and
a modern magazine style layout so I look
forward to working with each and every
one of my couples each and every one of
my couples are unique and their families
have their own traditions and I'm really
looking forward to working with each and
every one of my customers
I really encourage you to look for my
website go through the galleries the
galleries are a reflection of the
wedding albums and the magazine style
pages that I do for each couple you can
give me a call at nine 68 67 75 and we
sat down and make an appointment and
talk in detail about your specific
wedding day and your specific Church
traditions you have planned for your
event now it's great to work with a game
from start to finish he came to this one
and how was everything helpful dresses
hair makeup pick every shot you could
ever imagine well Matt was great it was
probably the best wedding photographer
that I've seen so far he did everything
that we could ever imagine from him and
we're looking forward to see what else
he'll do all right group hug that's
right all right
you